Key Concepts and Functions:
fopen(): Opens a file, returning a file handle (resource) for further operations. It takes the file path and mode (e.g., "r" for read, "w" for write, "a" for append) as arguments. 
fread(): Reads data from an open file, specifying the number of bytes to read. 
fwrite(): Writes data to an open file. 
fclose(): Closes an open file, releasing resources. 
file_exists(): Checks if a file exists. 
unlink(): Deletes a file. 
php_uname(): Returns information about the operating system. 
shell_exec(): Executes a system command and returns its output. 
file_get_contents(): Reads the entire content of a file into a string. 
file_put_contents(): Writes data to a file. 
fgetcsv(): Reads a line from a CSV file and parses it into an array. 
fputcsv(): Writes an array to a CSV file as a line. 
Important Notes:
Always close files using fclose() after finishing operations to release resources. 
Be cautious when using shell_exec() as it can pose security risks if not handled carefully. Always sanitize user input before passing it to shell commands. 
PHP provides functions for various file permissions checks (e.g., is_readable(), is_writable()) to enhance security. 
For larger files, consider using buffered reading and writing operations with fopen(), fread(), and fwrite() instead of loading the entire file into memory using file_get_contents(). 

##The PHP code to read the file and write it to the output buffer is as follows (the readfile() function returns the number of bytes read on success):

<?php
echo readfile("webdictionary.txt");
?>
















Modes		Description
r		Open a file for read only. File pointer starts at the beginning of the file
w		Open a file for write only. Erases the contents of the file or creates a new file if it 		doesn't exist. File pointer starts at the beginning of the file
a		Open a file for write only. The existing data in file is preserved. File pointer starts at 		the end of the file. Creates a new file if the file doesn't exist
x		Creates a new file for write only. Returns FALSE and an error if file already exists
r+		Open a file for read/write. File pointer starts at the beginning of the file
w+		Open a file for read/write. Erases the contents of the file or creates a new file if it 		doesn't exist. File pointer starts at the beginning of the file
a+		Open a file for read/write. The existing data in file is preserved. File pointer starts at 		the end of the file. Creates a new file if the file doesn't exist
x+		Creates a new file for read/write. Returns FALSE and an error if file already exists